add windows setup to cookbook (#922)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: cookbook/windows_setup.md

# Windows Development Setup

> This guide provides a simple setup to start developing a RedwoodJS project on Windows. Many setup options exist, but this aims to make getting started as easy as possible. This is the recommended setup unless you have experience with other shell like PowerShell. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides a simple setup to start developing a RedwoodJS project on Windows. Many setup options exist, but this aims to make getting started as easy as possible. This is the recommended setup unless you have experience with some other shell, like PowerShell. 
```

> If you're interested in using the Windows Subsystem for Linux instead, there is a [community guide for that](https://community.redwoodjs.com/t/windows-subsystem-for-linux-setup/2439).

### Git Bash

> Download the last release of [**Git for Windows**](https://git-scm.com/download/win) and install it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest release of [**Git for Windows**](https://git-scm.com/download/win) and install it. 
```

When installing Git, you can add the icon on the Desktop and add Git Bash profile to Windows Terminal if you use it, but it is optional. 

![1-git_components.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18013532/146685298-b12ed1a5-fe99-4286-ab12-69cf0a7be139.png)

Next, set VS Code as Git default editor (or pick any other editor you're comfortable with). 

![2-git_editor.png](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18013532/146685299-0e067554-a5a8-46b9-91ac-ffcd6f738b80.png)

> For all other steps, we recommended keeping to the default choices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For all other steps, we recommended keeping the default choices.
```

> Next, set VS Code as Git default editor (or default for the editor you use). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, set VS Code as Git default editor (or pick any other editor you're comfortable with). 
```

> For every other step, we recommended keeping to the default choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all other steps, we recommended keeping to the default choices.
```
